My name is Michelle Jen here in Hong
Kong. You're watching the China show.
I'm Yvonne Man with David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
opening of markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Asian stocks slipping. These are from
record highs, of course, as investors
[music]
assess mixed signals about a deal to end
the war in Iran and also reopen the
Strait of Hormuz.
>> Chip giant CXMT heads for China's
biggest IPO since 2022 [music]
after getting approval from the Shanghai
Stock Exchange.
>> Also ahead, ByteDance [music]
said to be planning a sharp increase in
capital spending this year to lead the
Chinese AI markets.
>> Plus AI and the broader investment
climate in [music] focus as we speak to
a big lineup of guests at the UBS Asian
Investment Conference in Hong Kong and
Beyond [music] Expo in Macau.
Welcome back, David. You have a Yeah.
>> It's the same sort of themes that we've
been talking about since you last left,
right? Whether it is, of course, the
macro risks out there with the BOK as
has a flag in the last couple minutes. A
little bit of that hawkish hold that we
saw with a flavor of what we got from
the RBNZ yesterday. And then, of course,
the tech theme continues here with now
China seeming to be playing trying to
play in in this whole chip theme with
CXMT and that IPO.
>> I was barely able to take a minute
during the holiday not thinking about
because you had these headlines
crossing, right? Trillion-dollar for
Micron, SK Hynix. I was waiting for
[laughter]
this this this
potential off-cycle hike coming through
from certain EMs.
We didn't get one though from Korea,
although the the direction of travel
does seem to be on the upside there with
the the bumping up of inflation forecast
and growth as well. So, lots to get
into, of course.
Equity markets are not doing a lot. They
have done substantially a lot, of
course, over the next last few days or
so. Just to watch that and of course
within the Taiwan market just to mention
AI, right? TSMC talking about the
similar conversation we had around Korea
on on these bonuses.
>> They're distributing the wealth a little
bit, right? The the haves and have nots
in terms of the haves, you know, they're
trying to see, you know, maybe a bit
more bonuses to help out with of course
this booming AI sort of growth that
they've seen, right? And certainly that
leads to a lot of discussions about this
sort of economy that we're dealing with.
One one that is very much AI driven and
the other side of it which is of course
the K-shaped sort of things.
>> Yeah, and we're seeing that in China
too, right? When I think when you the
direction of travel on yields there has
been clearly to the downside recently
and I think we're very close to taking
out a low on the 10-year yield. It was
also one of the things I was watching on
the flight back. Really the 10-year
yield the
the CGB in China is 1.73
percent. We're looking at of course one
part of the Taiwanese market that has
been
a reflection of this broadening out of
the AI rally. And I I also just to
mention of course the latest on Iran
with I think currently Brent prices
actually seeing some noticeable upside
in the Asian session given of course
some of the
the strikes that we're seeing in that
part of the world there.
>> Yeah, there's still a bit of doubt I
guess on the president here about what
sort of deal can be actually reached
between the two. So certainly that has
lingered here but when it comes to oil
markets, we kind of shifted more towards
a $90 sort of side of things than the
100 which
which I think we haven't been able to
break above 100 even despite when things
are escalating a little bit by the
margins. So that could be at least good
news.
But as you mentioned, I think much of
the of of the region is closed today,
right? You got India, Indonesia,
Pakistan, most of the Middle East as
well. So certainly that's one thing to
deal with as well. Let's get to the
latest when it comes to Iran because we
have been kind of tracking US forces
which have launched air strikes on an
Iranian military site with a US official
saying that the attacks were defensive
and intended to maintain the existing
ceasefire. Now the official says Iranian
attack drones that were fired at a
commercial ship were shot down.
>> Now earlier, President Trump asserted
that no one nation would or should
control this freedom of movement. He
also said that the US will watch over
the straight and ensure the free passage
of these vessels. Right, let's tie
everything together and joining us here
on set Anthony Stevens of course our
Bloomberg Markets reporter.
And what do we start with this rotation
that you're you've been flagging?
>> Right, so we saw oil drop on absolute
basis 5% last night. Right, it's coming
back up a little bit but that drove a
whole bunch of rotation into consumer
space. The consumer space in Europe in
the US has been lagging tech really
badly because consumers are struggling
to pay for goods with these kind of high
gas bills. That thematic can unwind a
little bit and start to see consumer
names trade better. You saw the European
luxury index up around 3% yesterday as
the SOX index the semiconductor index
pulled back around 1%. That trend is
feeding into the Asian session to start.
We're seeing auto makers in Japan and
Korea trade and really quite well but
the more mainstream memory names
continue to pull back. Under the hood
though tech still finds new themes to
keep chugging on. So we saw TSMC
overnight trade really quite well and
you're seeing that strength in Taiwan as
they are supposedly increase being able
to increase foundry prices into 2027. So
the the tech theme remains very healthy.
In Korea we have double digit moves on
AI driven battery centers. This is a new
thing building the energy infrastructure
around AI. So we keep going down this
technology curve finding new players but
at the headline level now gains are
looking a bit stretched.
>> Gains are looking a bit stretched. We
have a bit of a hawkishness from the
central bank as well. I mean the the
currency is still weak though. What what
what's going on in Korea here when it
comes to the
>> So so Korea is a bit of an interesting
case. You do have the currency strength
from exports which is the traditional
measure of EFX strength, right? These
guys are doing so well on the stock
market though that it's becoming a
weight on the effects. People have to
keep selling Samsung and Hynix to
maintain their portfolio weights. You
cannot be 60-70% Samsung Hynix. If they
were not hedging that, that is where you
would be right now given the size of
those stocks. So that relentless foreign
selling pressure is one a headwind. The
second headwind is obviously the oil and
gas importing. And and not to mention
the chemical and jet fuel. So Korea
Korea is one of the biggest jet fuel
exporters in the world and they're
struggling to meet that demand now.
>> So this partly answers the question of
how if you believe that the rally's
broadening out. And I think we talked
about Korea.
For Taiwan for example, where are we
seeing that? And let's say for the US
market, how are we seeing this
broadening out of the AI rally?
>> Well, it was really interesting to see
Taiwan pass India, right? In terms of
market cap. And what's under the hood of
that is the catch up of everything that
is not TSMC. So there've been a
broadening of the kind of hardware
themes in Taiwan. First we did the PCB
names, which are like kind of the
component names. Then we did servers.
And now we're into like all the way back
to the future in the sense of like
really simple chips, analog chips that
kind of control components and stuff
like this. So Taiwan's big engineering
ecosystem is really coming into play
here. And the entire country's starting
to benefit from this AI capex cycle.
>> Uh yeah, we continue on that sort. I
want to bring in
Julia because we've been talking about
this big IPO that was just announced
here. CXMT submitted its IPO for
registration
after getting approval from the Shanghai
Exchange. Uh Julia Friedlander, our Asia
equity capital markets reporter is here
to tell us a little more about I mean
the significance of this IPO, the timing
of it certainly has been quite perfect
as well.
>> Yes, definitely. It couldn't come at a
at a better time pretty much. And in
terms of the significance, it's it's
obviously a huge IPO. It's going to be
mainland China's biggest IPO in 4 years.
It's going to be Asia's biggest listing
since CATL last year in Hong Kong, which
was 5.3 billion dollars.
Um at the base size we're looking at
around $4.3 billion for CXMT, but it
could go up to over five depending on
the overall allotment. And given the
likely demand, that's quite a likely
scenario. But it's definitely coming at
such a
an opportune time, effectively. We've
seen um a global shortage of chips,
which has pushed prices of memory to
unparalleled heights. We've seen that
then reflected in the share prices of
companies like SK Hynix, Samsung, um
Micron. And obviously, this is um a a
champion, a national champion for China.
And it comes obviously in the whole
context of the um tensions with the US
and the whole rivalry over over AI. So,
it's a key key one to watch.
>> This is player number four in in the
memory space, right? So, SK Hynix,
Samsung, Micron, we talked about that.
Um what is
perhaps risking asking the obvious, what
is demand likely going to be like? And
this is company risking even at a
conservative multiple being valued among
the world's most valuable companies, I
think is is the other question here,
too.
>> Um the demand is likely to be I mean,
there's really um not no reason to
believe that it wouldn't be um
extraordinary, frankly. We've seen um
other IPOs in the whole AI supply chain
in Hong Kong and elsewhere just do
extremely well. Um uh chipmaker Biren,
which listed last year,
>> Yeah.
>> um that's gone up more than it's the
more than doubled. The AI model makers
in Hong Kong have done extremely well,
going up 1,000% in some cases. So, um
for a company like this, which is such a
key part of China's strategy for
technological self-sufficiency,
um is there's likely to be a huge huge
amount of of demand.
>> Yeah, I mean, I think one one analyst
was saying this is the reason why China
has been able to even get a foothold in
DRAM. Your your take on what demand
would look like for a stock like this.
>> Well, we you've you've you've heard from
the China appliance makers how they're
struggling, right? Uh Lenovo was there,
Xiaomi was there. The EV sector needs a
lot of memory. And this is memory that,
you know, Samsung is not going to make
for you. They just don't have the
capacity. Hynix has given up on the
business entirely, right? So, the fact
that they are straddling um the kind of
normal memory and the more advanced
memory is really good timing for the
Chinese to kind of reduce the supply
chain bottleneck and keep its
manufacturing and export uh growth hub
there.
>> Yeah.
That whole self-sufficiency theme. Um
there Thank you so much. There are That
was uh Julia Fioretti, our Asia equity
capital markets reporter. And of course,
our markets reporter Anthony Stevens.
>> Right. Coming up, we're live at the UBS
Asia Investment Conference with our
Global Wealth Management uh Asia chair,
Amy Lo, will be joining us in a couple
of minutes as Hong Kong overtakes
[music]
Switzerland as the world's top offshore
wealth hub.
>> And later, we'll be speaking with the
DeepZero chair, Grace Huang, following
the company's blockbuster Hong Kong
debut yesterday. That stock was up more
than 260%. [music]
>> And we are counting down the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. This [music] is the China Show.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome back. Uh let's get
to some [music] of the stories that
we're tracking at this point uh as it
pertains to Hong Kong specifically. Now,
Hong Kong banks [music] are said to be
tightening scrutiny over uh that of
clients from [music] mainland China
after Beijing launched this crackdown on
illegal cross-border trading. Now,
sources say [music] some have suspended
opening investment and wealth management
accounts for mainland residents. And
we're told Hong Kong regulators have now
instructed banks to ask clients to
confirm [music]
funds for investment accounts do come
from outside mainland China.
Now, this new report says that Hong Kong
overtook [music] Switzerland in 2025 as
the world's largest cross-border wealth
hub. Boston Consulting Group says that
this is being driven by an influx of
capital from China and a resurgent local
market. Now, the report also says
[music] the wealth accumulation gap
between the two sides here will widen to
nearly $600 billion
by 2030.
>> Yeah, perfect time to talk to our next
guest at the UBS Asian Investment
Conference in Hong Kong. Our chief North
Asia correspondent, Stephen Engle, is
with our next guest. Yeah, focusing a
little bit more on wealth here this
morning. And really Hong Kong, the fact
that they've overtaken the likes of
Switzerland as an offshore wealth hub
could be quite telling here what the
outlook is from Amy Lo.
>> How did you guys know I was going to
start with that story? That's fantastic.
And Amy's smiling here with me. Amy Lo,
UBS Global Wealth Management Asia
Chairman. So, Hong Kong's back, right?
Tell us some of the anecdotal numbers
that you've seen with family offices,
global wealth managers coming back to
the city. Now, they are the the number
one, surpassing, I mean, the the
domiciled home of of UBS is Switzerland,
but Hong Kong surpassed it last year.
>> Yeah. First of all, thank you so much
Stephen for coming here.
Indeed, it's
very strong momentum. If you look at the
our AIC
is at full swing in Hong Kong.
4,500
participants from 38 countries and 400
companies joining with a total market
cap of combined market cap of over
1 trillion, 10 trillion dollars. So,
that's significant. So, you can see the
the kind of a momentum is is really
coming back here.
>> What do you think the secret sauce is?
We already know, of course, Hong Kong's
been a global international hub, but
it's been a rough
decade or so, if you will, for Hong
Kong.
They've had a number of different
regulatory improvements here to attract,
I mean, obviously the stock market has
gone gangbusters with tech IPOs. But
what do you can you nail down to what
really is the reason that Hong Kong has
surpassed Switzerland to be the number
one wealth hub in the world?
>> I think both Hong Kong and Switzerland
are the world's important wealth
management hub. And for Hong Kong,
obviously Hong Kong is a capital market
hub. As you said, the IPO,
the capital market activity certainly is
very helpful. And we still have 500
companies lining up. And I think in the
last few years, what the government has
been doing and also with all these
different support scheme, also create a
very good environment for all the setup
of the family offices. I think in
addition to wealth management,
as the chair of the Hong Kong Private
Wealth Management Association, we have
also seen over 50% of our associate
membership growth. Meaning, a lot of the
asset managers are also coming in. So,
you have also seen a lot of the asset
manager James
Millennium 172. They're also expanding
their offices here. And so, I think it's
both the asset and wealth and also the
capital market activity
>> Yeah.
>> that creates
the the kind of momentum.
>> Well, the single family offices in Hong
Kong have grown 25% since 2023. Now,
3,384
of them. How have you seen the
chessboard of with geopolitics, war in
the Middle East? How is that changing
and sort of leaning towards Hong Kong?
Have you seen
you know, more Middle Eastern money move
to places like Hong Kong and Singapore?
>> Now, Hong Kong is a super connector and
UBS obviously is also a super connector.
And being a super connector is also very
important to be value-added super
connector for China because a lot of
them also want to look at the
opportunities in China. So, for example,
like this forum, we created the wealth
forum whereby we have a delegate from
Middle East. We have a delegate from
Latin America and Latin and also a
delegate from Europe coming here with
almost 1,000 participants. And we have
in addition a global family office
summit in the AIC. And you can see the
interest from different part of the
world coming here because I think if you
look at the investment environment, I
would say it has improved especially
compared to last year.
>> But the regulatory environment has also
tightened. You knew I was going to talk
about this. Momentum, how is it
affecting wealth momentum into Hong Kong
because again, there's been more recent
crackdown. I think they announced on
Friday on illegal brokerages and
funneling money. And China's really
worried always worried about capital
outflows. And of course the IPOs have
been booming as we talked about. How is
that impacting how you attract your
wealth clients and onboarding new
clients?
>> Now, fundamentally, if you look at all
those regulatory change,
they primarily mainly target on the
license and regulated activity.
And for UBS and also for all the members
bank within the private wealth
management association, we are operating
under a robust compliance kind of
framework. As a matter of fact, the
industry also welcome all these
regulatory change so that you can direct
the investor into into a compliant
regulatory
kind of official channel. Be it Stock
Connect,
QDI, or Wealth Connect.
>> Now, Iqbal Khan, you know, the Asia
Pacific head here, he said absolutely
onboarding of new clients has slowed
down across the industry. It seems like
Hong Kong though seems to be a bit of an
aberration, but Hong Kong banks are in
the reporting in Bloomberg today are
ramping up
you know, scrutiny if you will
mainland Chinese clients opening of
savings and investment accounts. How is
that impacting you?
>> Oh, I think the industry also realized
we need to also have a kind of efficient
but compliance kind of framework for
onboarding client. So, it's how we also
strike a good balance there and not
cutting the corner. Has to be compliant.
And I think that's where the AI and
technology can help because for example
at UBS, we also invest large scale on AI
transformational. Not just on the front
but also on onboarding. Having the AI a
gentle agent to help us to do all the
KYC AML.
>> Well,
Iqbal mentioned that yesterday but he
didn't go into details. How are you
employing that to
you know, deeper scrutinize the source
of wealth of these clients which I think
is a big issue.
>> Oh, as I said it's leveraging on all
these AI agent in order to do to help
with the KYC with the AML. And so that
we can also
give more capacity for our CA for our
client advisor the bankers to do to
deliver a better client experience. And
when the all these documents and the
process come in, we can also streamline.
So, I am seeing much improvement and on
a regular basis
as a chair for the Hong Kong Private
Wealth Management Association, we still
have the dialogue with the regulators to
how are we going to further streamline
the process to make it efficient but
compliant.
>> Now, I have to squeeze in one last
really quick one because we're running
out of time. But obviously in February
you said you're going to be hiring about
50 wealth managers in Hong Kong. Do you
need to also now start Where are you on
that process and are you going to start
hiring AI experts as well?
>> We are on track.
While obviously Uh, are investing in AI
but at the same time, this is the growth
region. So, we are we continue to hire.
And when we hire, it's not just in Hong
Kong and actually in Asia Pacific,
because Asia Pacific is also an
important growth region for UBS.
>> Amy Lo, thanks so much for always having
us here at your Asian Investment
Conference 2026.
It's absolutely crowded here, guys.
David, I'm going to send it back to you.
>> All right. Yeah, slumming it there at
the Four Seasons, Steve.
>> [laughter]
>> We'll be back with Steve in a moment
there.
Um, lots of lots of conversations coming
through there with head of APAC product
management Neil MacLeod joining us as
well there [music] with Steve and the
team. Lots of conversations taking
place. We're also going into the opening
bell here about eight minutes away and
the early indications are like this.
Lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> Your agenda here today. We got some
earnings in focus including some of the
likes of the EV makers. So, Xpeng, Li
Auto are set to report. So does Link
REIT later today as well. We'll talk
about Lenovo and really the technicals
and what that stock has been doing. A
parabolic rally here in the last couple
of sessions there. Southbound selling is
certainly one thing we're tracking here
today and is once again going to be that
hardware versus software trade in the AI
side of things. We have some trade data.
Remember the strength as well. We've
been talking about that and this 10-year
CGB rally that continues and we've been
talking about these yields are basically
at near near 1-year lows.
>> Yeah, I think we are back to levels we
hit almost close to levels of last
August. I think this is something to
track obviously given the session today.
And we talked about Lenovo here. What
are we doing in the early mark early
going here? So, 3-day rally 40-45%.
So, just about everywhere you look does
point to the fact that the now just to
differentiate of course the sell signal
could be different from what's being
what the technical are showing right but
every single whether that's momentum or
trend oscillator or index or measure is
pointing to this one actually being
quite extreme right so
so you have here what the benchmarks and
above these benchmark you tend to get uh
conversations around overbought
conditions and every single one it's not
just above it's substantially above on a
weekly basis at that too
now just how this looks in the form of a
chart and a lot of this actually goes so
we haven't seen levels like this going
back about three decades right so if you
just want to get and I could add more
indicators here that would [laughter]
point to the same thing if it looks like
>> [clears throat]
>> a dirty version of your mom's spaghetti
that's what it is and every single thing
because it is vertical rally we're
seeing here at to about 19 bucks is
pointed to the fact that we are
overbought whether that is a sell signal
to you I will leave that for of course
our audience to to decipher themselves
>> You got to you got to move away to show
yeah there you go
>> Yeah it's
>> What a chart
>> Everything is just
>> Okay
>> Pointing up
>> There you go that's just goes to a show
right that the re-rating around the
stock has just been completely changed
the narrative
>> Over three decades
>> a PC you know company to something that
is more about AI so certainly
something to really contend with here of
course as we count down to the market
open your pre-market is looking like
this in the Hang Seng here right now so
following the region lower here we're
seeing declines about 4/10 of 1% HS Tech
is also selling off here you take a look
what happened with PDD and really the
results there the e-commerce space might
be seeing some pressure [music] here
today 677 though still some strength
holding for the RMB here this morning
we're watching likes of Kuaishou [music]
there beating estimates there at the
stock though is down some 2% the open is
next this is Bloomberg
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show counting down to the open of cash
markets here [music] in Hong Kong, in
Shanghai, and in Shenzhen. Not a very
convincing leads. I think we're looking
at a lot of stocks. Platform companies
are going to [music] be very much in
focus, particularly e-commerce.
>> Yeah.
>> With that print that came through out of
PDD.
>> Yeah, I mean
>> This is of course Temu, but yeah.
[music]
>> It it continues to show how competitive
the e-commerce platforms remain to be,
and really the domestic consumption
story really hasn't improved that much.
So, certainly [music] that's going to
probably weigh on some of these
e-commerce China tech plays here today.
And then of course, this whole [music]
news of CXMT is set to list
on the Star board. Certainly it's going
to be quite interesting for the whole
SMIC, Huahong Semi, the semi domestic
space. So, certainly
>> [music]
>> but today Asia, mind you, is taking a
bit of a breather across the board. So,
certainly one thing with the exception
of Taiwan. I think that's the one that's
still doing standing out here today.
But, there is, you know, maybe some
signs of this whole Iran war. There are
some doubts lingering now even from
President Trump about this deal and
whether that does, you know, in some way
add to the Strait of Hormuz reopening.
So, that in itself is, you know, you're
seeing oil markets after, you know, we
went back to below 90 and we're we're
slightly above that here right now.
And that really is leading to a bit of
sapping in terms of risk sentiment here
today. On shore markets looking like
this, the CSI 300 is well below that
5,000 threshold here. We're down about
half of 1%. And we're watching of course
the CGB space as as David talked about,
right? We're at 9-month lows for some of
parts of the yield curve right now. And
we continue to watch what the chip space
does. So, Capricorn Tech is doing quite
well. There you go, 2% gains here. I
guess the CXMT news is certainly lifting
the sector once again this given that
this is one of the national champions
that is set to list and really join in
on this semiconductor trade. CATL is
doing okay here today. We're watching of
course likes of big cap like Kweichow
Moutai though is heading the opposite
direction. Midea Group in the
consumption space continues to
underperform. And we're watching Hong
Kong. Right now we're seeing Hang Seng
lower by about 3/4 of 1%. So
you are seeing most of big tech is in
the red here. We're focusing on the
e-commerce space, right? So what PDD
says after that revenue miss
there on their earnings. So Meituan,
there you go, is down some 3% or so.
Baba is down some 1%. So certainly it
continues to be a down air story for
some of these
platform companies that you know as much
as they want to talk about AI that the
core business continues to show soft
spots here as well. Tencent is lower by
6/10 of 1%. Let's check on how the chips
are doing just given the news when it
came to CS MT and you know certainly
this has been really a stellar really
week for some of these chip stocks as
well. And you are still continuing to
see them extending those gains here.
There was also that ByteDance news,
right? So it's a private company but
they're talking about weighing the capex
of as much as 70 billion in this whole
AI push. You add that to that
partnership announced with Qualcomm and
certainly that is going to our sources
that certainly is you know lifting the
sector here a little bit as well. TSMC
also with those news about that bonus
bump
potentially could add to that. But yeah
everything but more threads here today
seems to be doing better. Let's take a
look at what Kuaishou
when it came to
the earning side of things that was one
thing to watch. So they did beat
expectations when it comes to the AI
side of things. You know the sell side
says that video push is gaining
traction. So that's one thing to walk
out for. There was this is the video
editing app Kling.
But then again a weak macroeconomic
environment may actually hamper its
e-commerce and live stream businesses.
So, so that's also one headwind to deal
with as well. Uh Deep Zero, that's the
one yesterday, right? One of the three
that really surged uh in its listing
debut. This is of course that AI uh you
know, application uh helps you when it
comes to ads and marketing. So, uh once
again kind of showing the the
applications sort of things that China
really has and really we continue to see
gains here this morning.
>> Yeah, and and the boss is going to join
us uh in a couple of minutes to discuss
really uh among the clients, I believe
Gucci
uh and the like. Right, okay. Uh we have
more information now on what now appears
to be a solid hawkish hold uh coming
through out of the BOK. So, the decision
was to keep chained rates unchanged at 2
and 1/2%. It was not unanimous because
two
of the seven members actually called for
a rate hike. Now, when you look at the
dot plot over the next 6 months, here's
what's interesting.
Only two of the 21 dots think this is
going to be unchanged at 2 and 1/2%. In
other words, we are just debating how
high rates could
go how much how much higher rates could
uh could rise over the next 6 months.
And you take the most hawkish
part of this dot plot, which takes you
all the way up to 3 and a quarter of a
percent. That's three rate hikes from
current levels. The median suggests
we'll get at least two hikes over the
next 6 months based on
the projections of the dot plot and
based on obviously currently where we
are in the reprice just rate at 2 and
1/2%.
>> Yes. Um so, there you go. You are seeing
this sort of recalibration from the BOK
himself that they they do need to maybe
telegraph that these rate hikes are
coming. It's very similar to what we
heard from the RBNZ yesterday, which was
also a split vote. It was three to
three. Uh three of which advocated for a
hike as well. This is a two to seven
sort of uh voting. So, certainly there
is among the the the the
the the members themselves uh but of a
division here on what to do about these
energy prices, right? But, you know, the
the question is really is this starting
to be is you're starting to see this be
more entrenched, right? Beyond just the
energy space. And with Korea, given this
whole AI boom, you know, they're dealing
with, you know, signs of overheating,
not just as it comes to energy prices,
right?
>> Forget about rate cuts.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, for for forget about rate cuts.
And you're right, it's not just Korea,
right? This is a conversation that's
happening not just across the region,
uh, it's happening in Europe. Perhaps
it's a conversation we need to be having
in the US, given the diverging trends of
two fairly important inflation
indicators there, right? So,
this is something we'll pay attention
to, of course. And this time in the next
hour the the press briefing will further
unpack, of course, that the thinking
here around this, but it's looking like,
based on the current projections, two
more hikes at at least here, uh, based
on that dot plot. All right, uh, let's,
why don't we go to a break and we will,
uh, have lots more conversations coming
through here on [music] tech and
everything in between. Lots more ahead.
You're watching the China Show.
Right, so, welcome back. So, we're two
we're covering two conferences today.
One is, of course, the UBS one taking
place here in Hong Kong. The other is
Beyond Expo that is also underway,
uh, in Macau. And we're all looking at
all things this is really on the cooler
side of the tech spectrum. No offense to
the guys at UBS, you're also cool here,
but do you have smart glasses and AI
integrated wearables there is is my
question to you guys at UBS.
>> it's
>> to beat that, right? As if those are
your core themes of this tech-focused
event. Of course, we're zooming in on a
company called right there, Even
Realities, which designs smart glasses
with augmented reality displays. Let's
bring in the company's co-founder and
CEO, Wang Li, who joins us now. Wang Li,
it's great to have you on the program.
Uh I have to say, David and I, we we
have tried your glasses on before. Uh it
was at a conference, and someone was
wearing them, and we asked to try them
out. And we were able to kind of read
live translations on the lens, and and
it was just very cool for all news
readers and and anchors like ourselves,
Wang Li. Uh tell us a bit more about
sort of the the the use factor for all
this as well. Who's your, you know,
target customer, and really uh how's the
outlook for the industry?
>> Yeah,
thank you having me here. And yes, our
strategy is to build smart glasses that
people can actually wear every day. As
you already tested all, and also I'm
wearing this. We believe the next phase
of computing is not start from this very
bulky headset about with light with
lightweight eyewear that fits naturally
into the daily life. So, for us, we the
growth comes from the three things, the
better hardware for sure, and also more
useful AI experience, and also broader
distribution. We are focused on product
that combine optical clarity especially
for the prescription wears, and also
comfort for daily life, and also
discrete design. And also for the
business is strong because I think right
now people and consumers already
shifting from the interesting gadget to
practical wearables, especially for
productivity like other real like real
really really put up practical features,
and also real-time information. So,
that's where we we are here, and also we
we are
launching the glasses
the first generation is around like 24
August. And last year we have the the
second generation. And also right now we
are although still in early in the
category, but apart from our future
website, we already have more than 500
We're a global premium optical shops,
including in Hong Kong, including in
Singapore, in Japan, in a lot of
European countries. So, apart from that,
we're also growing really quickly in the
consumer electronic shops, like the
MediaMarkt,
like
Yodobashi in Japan. So, I think for us
the interest from consumers and the
market is really growing really fast.
And but we need to do the product in the
right way.
>> Right. It It's a new wish segment. It's
It's new, but it's not very, very new.
And, you know, there are lots of players
in the market, as you know,
Wang Li. So, I'm curious, what do you
think sets you apart? What's different
about your product lineup than what's
available in the market?
>> Yeah. I think the market right now is
like the competition definitely is
increasing, but definitely there
I mean three paths that different
companies are going for. The first one
definitely is camera glasses, and also
definitely Meta is investing by far the
most in the market. And also the second
category is the display glasses as wear
in the market. And the third one
probably is the hybrid one that both
have the camera and also display
together. But, I think for us like the
the people that wearing camera glasses,
they already arise a lot of concerns
about the privacy, about their like
like as a
social isolation kind of thing. So, we
think that
the biggest challenge for all the
glasses that are there for the everyday
definitely still the comfort, better
life, privacy, and also optical
performance, and also prescription
support, and finding use cases that
frequently enough to become
really habit. So, for us like camera
glasses may appeal to some consumers,
but they also create privacy concern.
That as that, well, the vast majority of
tech giants, they are right now focusing
on the capturing, which means mounting
camera on people's face for filming or
for social isolation. They are not only
facing, I think, a massive privacy
reckoning and also legal lawsuits, but
also overdrawing the public's trust. So,
for us, we believe the glasses in
everyday life should be a like utility
of information, helping people deal with
their daily life to do work. So, by
removing the redundant cameras and also
focus on this free display information
processing, we don't record the user's
past. We only uncover their present. So,
yes, I think competition is increasing,
but the category is still wide open
because we have different the the path
of the road map.
>> The path of the road road map. Um it's
interesting, right? The the real use
sort of case for for these smart
glasses, not about novelty anymore, as
you say, Wang Li. Um I think Google what
was the one that latest that unveiled
these AI glasses and saying they all
they're they're close to an inflection
point in this market of of mass
adoption.
Are are you starting to see more mass
adoption in the space? And what's going
to get it there?
>> Yeah, I think for the mass adoption,
first of all, definitely product and
need to be really catering to the
customer's needs in their daily life.
But for the needs in your daily life,
definitely we do not want the cameras to
have like shot filming the others
everyday, every time, right? Even though
the camera is not turned off turn or
turned down. So, I think for the real
real-time like like assistance for the
because it's a variable, so it can help
you with your real-time assistance. For
that part, definitely we need contacts,
we need AI, we need the like
teleprompter translation, navigation
kind of real practical features to help
consumers to shift their graphic UI UI
UX interaction with your phone, with
your laptop, to a more conversational
based UI. That is uh really
um like depending on the development of
AI and generative AI. And also, I think
for the mass adoption, definitely uh
apart from the product itself,
definitely the uh prescription service
offline. And also, the distribution
channel offline. For example, the optic
channel and also health care health care
channel that offline will help to uh
because people can actually feel the
product, not seeing that from online,
from other videos. So, they can actually
feel the product and and then buy them
if they have the really really factor
need. So, I think in that case,
definitely um the channels
>> [clears throat]
>> ready. And also, the product is
evolving, right? So, we need to evolving
in the right way, not to um like grow
like the trust. Trust, I think probably
the will be the biggest issue since
they're new category and different
company want their different like uh
agenda developing all the all the
glasses or all the variables out there.
>> Uh well, well, only very quickly,
please. Are you Are you raising money?
Any plans to list? What is that separate
path looking like for your company?
>> Yeah, we uh we started this company uh
in '23. So, right now, we already are
unicorn status valuation in terms of
valuation. And I think for us, like we
really focused on the product evolving
development. And also, we have the
global market selling uh really uh fast
and already well. So far as I think, uh
that being said, also we have already
have the $1 billion valuation. But we do
not go out the way to broadcast
valuation updates as often as uh a lot
of other companies do because at this
stage, we are far more focused on the
product roadmap than on playing the
funding headline games. So far as I
think, if we're doing the things right
and build the right experience for our
customer, the numbers will follow
naturally in terms of the fundraising
and valuation. But for sure, I think uh
why investors choose to invest in us and
having backing us for the for this
journey because I think for in their
opinion is the same that we are the only
pair of glasses they want to wear in
their LP meetings, in their meetings
with entrepreneurs, yeah.
>> Yeah, I mean we only have two eyes.
Uh we'll watch this space. Wangli, thank
you so much. Co-founder and CEO of Even
Realities there out of Beyond Expo in
Macau. And more in fact, we'll have more
coming through there with the 3CA GI
partners uh taking part in the event as
well and the founder and CEO joining us
>> [music]
>> uh in a couple of minutes at those times
on your screen. Stay tuned for that.
Lots more ahead. This is the China Show.
Okay, welcome back. Certainly nothing
but uh zero here. Beijing Deep Zero up I
think 200 plus percent and up a further
25%
today. Joining us here on set
exclusively is the company's chairwoman,
Grace Wang.
What do you think of your stock price?
>> Wow, I'm like so excited to see how the
market reacts to our IPO actually. We
have been in the market for 17 years.
Can you imagine like we started 17 years
with the vision of using AI to help
enterprises?
But nobody believed in us, right? So I
think right now the uh the generative AI
actually the large language model makes
everybody excited about
AI, which to us is really the already
like third generation of AI already in
application. Um but I think the market
right now is really everybody recognize
the power of AI and everybody recognize
the monetization opportunity
uh for the AI to help enterprises. So
uh that's the I think yesterday I was at
the IPO event and I said this is the
best timing uh forever for us. Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh
it's about mark using AI
in terms of marketing and ads. I'm just
want to tell us about the problem that
you're trying to solve.
>> Yes, that's a very good question.
Actually, we started by defining the
question. I'm coming back PNG and
McKinsey background. So, uh we're not a
technology-driven uh setup company, but
rather we are looking at enterprises or
brands speak typically. Like they want
to make a lot of decisions especially
for B2C like to the consumer brands,
right? So, they want to know like what
is the best timing to do the
advertising, what is the best content,
uh whether I how I should recommend my
product to different customer to
generate better uh cross-sell
opportunity. Like what is the uh when
the customer comes to my store, what how
should my sales person to interact with
the customer so that they can feel much
more personalized experience that so
that they can convert better. So, all
these questions, if you look at that,
all these questions can be very, very
difficult.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay, on the individual level and on the
enterprises level. But, those decisions
actually determine the very much like
the the market or the value of the brand
and how how much revenue they can
generate, how much profit they can
generate.
So, those are the most difficult and
close to many decision, I would say. So,
that is really the decision what it that
is the hardest decision we want to help
enterprises to solve with the AI. Yeah.
>> Does it supplement the sales force,
complement their skills, or does it
replace them?
>> Yeah, I think that's another good
question. Actually, in China, a lot of
our clients, most of our clients are
multinational clients right now. And
they're using probably like Salesforce,
Adobe marketing cloud, etc.
uh or Google etc. in the rest of the
world.
>> Right.
>> But, in China because of because of the
ecosystem, like especially the digital
ecosystem, it's very different. Um so,
we become we are we never say we are
like
Chinese version of Salesforce or
anybody, but we are exactly trying to
solve similar problems, but with
slightly different emphasis, I would
say. We are very much focused on the
data and intelligence.
We're not doing anything like more,
what what we call SOP driven.
Like CRM specific CRM management, but we
are
>> Okay.
>> helping them to do better CRM
communication and operation. So, that's
that's slightly different, but we are in
the largely we are in the same era,
yeah.
>> Uh, you say when it comes to this, you
know, the proceeds and what you're going
to do with them, AI R&D, sales
expansion, or strategic acquisitions.
What what are you prioritizing now?
>> Yes, I think M&A has been our always
been our dream, okay, to expand the
company. If you look at the
like enterprise service company in the
rest of the world, they have been using
M&A very frequently.
Most of the company has over like 10-ish
M&A, but for us we have been organic
growth in the past 17 years. So, we have
been always set the vision of using M&A
to
accelerate growth. So,
I would say like after the IPO
>> Uh
>> M&A is going to be our one of the
largest
investment or one of the strategic
growth engine. Of course, except
expanding like R&D and AI talent
acquisition and sales network is
definitely like the bottom line of our
growth strategy. Another thing we are
expanding to the overseas market.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, that's another big exciting
opportunity for us because a lot of
Chinese companies actually are now
expanding to overseas market and they
really need somebody
who understand the culture, who
understand what their headquarter sort
of needs, Um, as well as the
international um,
capability and AI capability to help
them to expand to other markets. So,
that's the that's another exciting
opportunity for us. Yeah.
>> So, what kind of assets are you looking
to acquire? Is it technology? Is it Is
it a competitor? Is it a peer?
>> Right. Yeah, so we are uh, in the past
typically like to be uh, or enterprise
service company or enterprise software
company acquire com- acquire targets
with product and customer.
>> But right now with the AI company, we
are actually changed our strategy. So,
we are very much focusing on um, targets
or assets with very solid uh, client
base.
We don't need too much uh, investment or
uh, M&A to buy products because we have
very very fast product uh, growth like
development right now with the AI coding
capability.
Um, so yeah, so we're looking at
companies with a good solid client base.
Yeah.
>> Uh, in terms of the international
expansion, what what is the strategy
right now? And what markets are you
looking at?
>> Uh, we are looking at uh, we have been
actually we have already set up like
international business in
uh, London, US, Hong Kong, and uh,
uh, Middle East. Um, but it's more for
like inbounds business. So, we have some
in already like local interaction with
the
uh, local brands. But right now if we're
looking at overseas expansion like what
we call outbound,
um, the the strategy number one of
course is as I said like we are working
with the large Chinese enterprises who
want to target overseas market. Uh,
number two of course we want to ex- we
use the AI
as the as the core weapon.
Yeah.
>> Grace, we'll have to leave it there, but
thank you so much. Grace Gong,
chairwoman at Beijing Deep Zero joining
us here in our Hong Kong studios. And
I'll check our markets here right now.
We take a look at what it comes to risk
assets are passing the pause button at
least for today, but you know, continue
to see
>> [music]
>> uh, CSI 300 down some 1%. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Look at
the CSI 300 half hour into the session
here and we are seeing shares under
pressure here today. We're down about
1%. Offshore China also seeing similar
picture here. But you know, this is a
really against a backdrop where you
know, you're starting to see a little
bit of a a pause in this sort of chip
rally and the like and you're starting
to see the likes of you know, when it
comes to Korea, that's slowing down here
and really those BOE lines coming
through here this morning, Dave. You
know, the hawkish turn that central
banks are turning to now
are maybe starting to weigh on risk
assets a little bit here and starting to
worry investors a bit.
>> Yeah, take my hawkish hold and hand hold
it all the way up.
So in a few minutes we'll be taking you
straight into the live briefing, which
is going to be interesting because this
was not unanimous. There were two out of
seven that expected to hike.
That wanted to hike interest rates
unexpected hike interest rates and the
dot plot now suggests that the path is
likely higher. On the median we're at
2.5%. This likely goes to Can we show
the pie chart, please?
So we're at 2.5%. The
I wouldn't say majority because it's
still a minority, but
off the 21
10 of the dots actually project us to
getting to 3%, which is two rate hikes.
We have a further two that takes us to
about three rate hikes.
So over the next six months and so
that's we have four meetings scheduled
over the next half year. So if this is
correct, that's one at every other
meeting, one hike. Um and they've also
bumped up their some of their forecasts.
>> Yeah, so I think what economists are
saying that you know, this hawkish tilt
is certainly one thing um that we need
to contend with. I think now they're
even mapping out that the the the that
the BOK could actually hike as soon as
July. So that is sort of what we're
hearing from similar central banks
across the region as well, right? And
they also did bump up uh growth and
inflation forecast as well. So uh
certainly that's one thing to deal with.
Interestingly enough though, when it
comes to Korean won, it's not exactly
strengthening against this hawkish sort
of commentary here. It continues to
actually weaken in the face of all this,
which is quite interesting. Uh let's
bring in our M Life macro strategist
David Savage. He's with us right now.
What did you make of the statement from
the BOK?
>> I I think this is really interesting
because I think it has ramifications
beyond just Korea, right? So as you
said, they raised the inflation forecast
as we expect, but growth forecasts were
were raised quite significantly. I think
about 2% just this year, 2% to 2.6%.
I think that shows you beyond Korea, you
have accelerating inflation and
accelerating growth, right? So if
central banks are raising rates because
you have inflation, yes, accelerating,
but growth is also accelerating, I don't
think that's going to be the catalyst to
to reverse this risk this risk rally in
equities. Um I I don't think that's
going to be it and that has
ramifications if we look back to the US,
right? If we see the Fed start to We've
already seen markets start to price
towards a hike later this year. If we
start to actually see the Fed
communicate to that, again, that'll be
on the back of accelerating growth. And
and so that's probably negative for for
bonds, but that's not probably going to
be your catalyst to to reverse the this
rally.
>> Uh just to bake in
the lower prices on oil we've seen this
week so far. I mean, we've yet to break
90, that's I guess the next level to
watch, but assuming oil prices fall
further from here, that's clearly a good
thing, but how does that then impact the
next 6 months?
>> I I So first of all, I I think it's it's
been interesting to me that we haven't
seen that much of a pick up uh for
equities beyond sort of the the tech
names even though we've seen oil come
off here. So, you know, perhaps equities
aren't you know, reading through as much
optimism
as we're seeing in sort of front month
crude prices come off. I think again
this comes back to sort of the bimodal
risk profile markets are facing
particular equity markets, right?
There's so much momentum behind
equities, you know, there's flows behind
equities and and volatility remains
fairly benign and of course earnings are
just continuing to accelerate. And so
yes, if you had oil kind of come off
even further if you had some sort of
arrangement, some deal that had energy
flows coming out, that could be a real
positive catalyst for equities. On the
other side of that, if we see oil go
back above 100 back to 120, that's a
huge, you know, downside risk. So,
that's kind of the two outcomes equity
markets are having to wrestle with.
And so I think that's interesting to see
where if you take, you know, Asian
equities back to pre-conflict, since
that point only the tech sector is
positive. It's up something like 35%.
Every other sector is still negative,
right? So, yes, we've seen some strength
in in equities broadly, but again, if
it's not tied to the AI trade, it's
still languishing under under high oil
prices.
>> Okay, that's going to be pretty
interesting moving forward here.
David, thank you. We have war here in
terms of lines crossing with with Iran.
So,
we are hearing from Scott Bessent here
today this morning. So, he's talking
about the Gulf Strait Authority action
targets Hormuz tolls.
And the Treasury maintaining maximum
pressure on Iran. There's been some
mixed sort of signals here on really
what this, you know, deal would look
like here right now, whether, you know,
what the Strait of Hormuz and the state
of that is is looking like here and
they're talking about tolls, you know,
is the Strait of Hormuz going to ever
look the same again? It certainly one
question as we, you know, see that the
two sides continue to
uh just, negotiate, but also we're
starting to hear signs and reports of
strikes, as well, between the two.
>> Derek Wallbank is with us to fill in the
details and the gaps here. Our senior
editor joining us with the latest here.
Uh Derek, do we have People are trying
to figure out what the straight the
arrangements will look like
around the the straight, I guess, in the
future? Do we have a better idea of what
that is currently?
>> Well, David, what we've got right now uh
the short answer to your question is no,
not really. But what we've got right now
is the US and Iran both sort of trying
to lay the architecture um for what
something like that could be. While they
have failed so far to come to an
agreement on this, quite frankly, this
is one of the last big big sticking
points, and it's a red line uh sticking
point certainly for the United States
which says which says that Iran cannot
have operational or de facto control
over shipping in the Strait of Hormuz.
And Iran not wanting to give up this
sort of new-found power that it has. Um
so, two things happening within the last
couple hours that are both worthy of
people's attention. Uh the first one is
that there was uh there there was a sort
of military back and forth uh early in
the Asian morning overnight Iran time um
the US striking uh mili- Iranian
military uh stuff. Uh you're you're
talking about, according to a US
official, uh strikes against four
Iranian one-way attack uh uh drones
aimed toward uh commercial vessel. Also,
a strike hitting a drone launcher on the
ground uh in Bandar Abbas, which is
right next to uh the Strait of Hormuz.
So, that's part the first. Part the
second
is the uh sanctions effort that you just
described, right, against Iran's
so-called Persian Gulf Strait Authority,
which is described by the Treasury as a
quote new attempt by Iran's Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps to monetize
its campaign of state-supported terror
by extorting vessels transiting the
Strait of Hormuz. Their language, not
mine, but you can get an idea of what
the tonality is there. Essentially, this
is the United States saying, uh if
you're going to try and use your maximum
economic pressure to control the Strait,
we're going to try and use our maximum
economic pressure to thwart that, right?
Uh and the US had warned that it was not
going to sit idly by and allow Iran to
tariff this. And so, using the threat of
economic sanctions
does go forward and and put, you know,
shippers in a bind. It puts you in a in
a binary choice you don't want to make.
Option A, you could try, uh you know,
going along with Iran and and this this
tolling idea and and play ball there, uh
but subject yourself to US sanctions.
And option two is is you don't move your
cargo at all, maybe, or or run the risk
of of Iran trying to uh to stop you.
>> What are some of the other sticking
points, uh given this interim deal?
I- you know, given what we see from the
both sides and their perspectives here
right now, what are still some of the
lingering sticking points beyond just
the Strait of Hormuz and and sanctions
now?
>> Yeah, well, Errol, I think one of the
big things is uh is money. Um
you know, Iran wants some uh assets
unfrozen. They want to essentially to
get money back. However, that winds up
uh actually going. This winds up being a
very difficult thing. You know, they
want this upfront. Uh
Trump does not want to give this
upfront. He wants this to come sort of
on the back end, but he's also getting a
lot of pressure from Republican
hardliners, Lindsey Graham uh among
them, who are who are both close allies
and also war hawks, you know, or or or
national security hawks, basically
saying, "Look, don't go along with this
deal." Remember, you don't have to You
don't have to look too far back to the
idea that giving Iran financial
compensation of any form in any fashion,
even if it's just unfreezing their own
assets,
was a key thing that that Donald Trump
criticized about the old Iran nuclear
deal that Barack Obama's administration
had in place.
And and so, you know, he does not want
to have that sort of comparison there.
He's very sort of sensitive to that on
one I'd also kind of sensitive to the
idea that whatever deal the
the Trump administration signs on to
will be compared to that deal and a lot
of Democrats say that all of them
options that Donald Trump is considering
are worse than that deal was there.
Other big sticking point though, I have
to mention, is simply the economic
reality on the ground, right? You know,
we're we're going to get a
a gauge of inflation
tomorrow in the US. The the survey
the the survey that you can you can find
on the on the Bloomberg terminal says
3.8%
The Fed's inflation target is you know,
is formally set out two, right? It gives
you an idea. You're seeing Americans pay
$500 million or more a day on aggregate
extra in gas tax and we just had the
Memorial Day holiday here in the United
States and 12 states set their record
highs for a Memorial Day gas prices.
Seven of those states are states that
Donald Trump carried in the 2024
election. So, all of this is a pressure
point to try and get something through
as well. This is why you see Donald
Trump sitting there talking at the White
House yesterday
earlier today our time in in the US
about that he's not going to be somebody
that Iran can wait out. We hear from
Scott Bessent tomorrow in the US at the
White House.
>> Derek, thank you so much. Derek
Wallbank, our senior editor with the
latest on Iran just ahead here on shows.
We're back at the UBS Asian Investment
Conference with their head of APAC
product management Neil Macleod will
joining us for his outlook uh in terms
of what AI implementation looks like um
and also coming up there out of the
conference.
>> Yeah, a big one coming up. Minimax
co-founder and president Ye Yan joining
us exclusively to talk about the
company's expansion plans [music]
and China's AI outlook.
>> Right, welcome back. Let's uh take you
straight back now to the UBS Asian
Investment Conference here in the city
and Steve is standing by with his next
guest. Steve.
>> That's right. It's Neil Macleod. He's
the UBS head of Asia Pacific product
management. You're the curator. I know
you don't like that that title, but
you're the curator of this event. Uh I
mean obviously we are at a very
interesting time, a confluence of
geopolitical and macroeconomic stresses
with the war in the Middle East, but
also great optimism towards the
transformation of technology across the
border and around the world with AI. So,
what do you think is dominating the
discussions right now?
>> I think Steve you've you've kind of
nailed it. There's a lot of different
topics that people care about. On the
optimistic and the curious side, it's
really AI. What does it mean? I mean
we've been talking about it for 4 years
at these conferences, but
every year you come back to new elements
of what AI means. And a lot of the
panels we've been having here in the
last 24 hours have been
tilting the conversation a little bit
more towards what does it mean for
society, how are we going to implement
this in a fairer way, how can
governments regulate it? So, whereas a
year ago it was really much more
optimistic around what are the
technologies that are going to work out?
Yeah. So, the the evolving conversation,
but that's always I think it's going to
be with us for years in terms of how we
discuss it.
>> Well, naturally, I've never met a banker
and I'm not saying your your clients
here are all bankers. You have a
cross-section from many industries, but
every banker I meet, they all talk
about, you know, bonuses and they talk
about jobs. And jobs has been on the
front of mind of a lot of bankers
recently, whether it's Jamie Dimon of JP
Morgan or others. They're all talking
about
ramifications of AI on the rank and
file, if you will. Iqbal Khan, your boss
here in Asia Pacific here in Hong Kong,
talked about those ramifications, but he
thinks it's going to be the productivity
side and the complement that AI will to
the current business models that you
have.
How do you see it and how do you see the
conversation
from business leaders who have to weigh
the job side of it and the reductions
redundancies versus productivity?
>> Well, we're already seeing a lot of the
productivity benefits coming through. I
mean, even I'm sure you use it, Steve,
as well. We can see things just becoming
a little bit easier, how you can surface
information, how you can join the dots.
So, there's a tremendous benefit I think
we're already getting and that's a lot
of what Iqbal was was referencing
yesterday. The conversations we were
having yesterday with Kevin Rudd, with
Simon Johnson, the Nobel laureate from
2024, who spends a lot of time thinking
about how can you augment work, not to
just think about the negatives of it,
but also the new jobs that are going to
come along, the new processes. And it's
very difficult I think today to forecast
what will happen 5 years from now in
terms of those new roles. I think I'm
right in saying that 60 years ago 60% of
the jobs that exist today didn't exist
60 years ago. So, it's very difficult to
forecast and think about what those
things will be, but it's top of mind in
terms of how are we going to shape it,
how can society shape it, how can we
make sure that it's fair, how can we
make sure it augments work. And that's
what a lot of the conversations have
been about with the thought leaders here
over the last 24 hours.
>> Yeah, I mean businesses like certainty,
right? And right now we're in very
uncertain times. Not only with the AI,
but the geopolitical uh field with war.
I mean we're already 12 weeks into the
war or thereabouts, and there doesn't
seem to be necessarily a firm
conclusion to that, but yet the
the negative aspects of it, the oil
price shock, I'm sure energy uh
resiliency has been talked about here.
That adds a layer of uncertainty, not
just the AI and jobs, but the the
inflationary impact that it tends to be
a little bit more sticky.
>> Yeah, and when we're trying to put a
conference on like this, I mean why do
people come? They want to come and see
lots of companies. We've got I think 400
corporates this year speaking to
investors, but they also want that
content that you get in the panels. And
so, when you're trying to I don't like
using that word curate, but when you're
trying to think about what are the
topics that people care about, it is a
combination, as I said, about AI, but
it's all those geopolitical issues. And
so, we were very lucky yesterday that we
had Meghan O'Sullivan, who's got
tremendous insights into the Middle East
and energy from retirement at the State
Department, sharing her thoughts on
energy and oil.
Of course, how does this feed into
inflation and interest rates? And we had
our central bankers talking about that.
So, these are all this this combination
of bottom-up themes and top-down themes
that you want to pull together
to give people a very rich sense of what
matters.
>> I think it was Iqbal Khan who mentioned
yesterday, and he actually asked me that
do you notice a tone shift as well
towards the mainland? Obviously, you
know, China's a few years out from
COVID. Hong Kong's a few years out from
obviously the turmoil and the protest we
had here, but it seems as though the
tone towards China is changing to the
plus side as well. The opportunities
with the technology, the economy, yes,
it still has some domestic consumption
issues, but it seems like there's a lot
more confidence in what's happening
across the border as what we've seen
reflected in the stock market here and
the IPOs of their own indigenous
innovation. Have you felt that?
>> 100% Stephen. And you can actually
quantify this. If I looked at the
conference two years ago, Chinese market
hadn't been doing quite so well up until
that point. If I look at the number of
overseas based investors that are coming
to this conference last year was up, I
think 80% from the previous year. This
year up is up another 60%. That is
demonstrably due to the fact that people
have got more optimism, not just about
Asia Pacific, but also about China,
which is clearly such a massive part of
this region, this economy, and of course
the market.
>> And wealth management obviously a huge
part of UBS's business, and we just had
that story we talked about with Amy Lo
earlier this morning about according to
Boston Consulting's latest numbers, you
might have seen it, that Hong Kong has
overtaken your home domicile
Switzerland as the number one wealth hub
in the world. That also tells you about
the confidence that we're seeing and the
opportunities in the stock market and
also family money, single family offices
moving more funds here.
>> Well, this region as we know has been
growing faster than the rest of the
world
for many decades. And as that happens,
you're going to get more wealth created.
It's one of the reasons this is such an
important business for UBS
as of course our home market it is as
well. So, I think it's it doesn't take a
a genius to figure out that if the
economies keep growing, wealth will
accrue, people will need the wealth
services, and and we want to be here to
provide that.
>> All right, Neil. More than 4,000
participants here. I didn't know they
could fit that many people here. The
Four Seasons
>> do an amazing job.
>> All right, Neil. Thanks so much. Okay,
I'm going to send it back to you,
Yvonne.
>> Great conversation there with Neil, of
course, head of APAC product management
at UBS. And that was our very own
Stephen Engle joining us there at that
conference. And there's much more ahead
at the UBS Asian Investment Conference.
Minimax co-founder and president Ya-Li
Yuan joins us exclusively to talk about
the company's expansion plans and of
course all things AI.
All right, taking you to those live
pictures out of the BOK here right now.
That live presser is underway [music]
under the new governor, Governor Shin
now talking about the Mideast war
uncertainty persists here. [music]
And of course that hawkish tone from the
central bank they're talking about the
oil stability to take time to return
according [music] to the central bank.
And really that local growth expansion,
why they upgraded their growth forecast
[music] driven by of course the chip
sector that boomed there. More ahead,
this is Bloomberg.
>> Right, welcome back straight back to
this ongoing briefing taking place in
South Korea. The Bank of Korea in case
you missed it about 90 minutes back.
Not a unanimous decision, held interest
rates at 2 and 1/2% although the
guidance that's coming through in both
the growth, the inflation and the dot
plot guidance suggests that rates are
going to head higher. There's still lots
of uncertainty around what's happening
in the Middle East. It is largely a
a hawkish hold. Certainly bond yields
are telling you that. That's the
interpretation of the market.
The currency markets are telling you
something maybe slightly different.
>> Yeah, it's interesting. Perhaps there
you know
Korean won is not exactly strengthening
on on these comments which was complete
opposite of what we heard from the RBNZ
and what happened to the kiwi yesterday,
right? You're actually seeing weakness
in this currency and it has been an
ongoing thing for some time when even
just equity market inflows hasn't really
done much in terms of strengthening the
Korean won. Perhaps there is still that
energy complex, you know, the fact that
Korea is of course an energy import.
That is still weighing on the currency
in some ways, but
it might mean I was reading the M Live
blog here. Our very own Andre Silva was
saying at least it means the currency is
a little bit more constructive because
now you can start to see that the rate
differentials between the Korea as well
as the Fed in the US is now narrowing.
So maybe that does bode of a little bit
better in terms of the prospects for the
won moving forward here. But yes, we'll
continue to bring you the latest lines
crossing through from the BOK. Let's get
you caught up with some corporate
stories in the meantime. Salesforce
shares slipped in late trade after the
company's revenue outlook for the
[music] current period fell just short
of analyst estimates. The leading maker
of customer management [music] software
says it expects second quarter revenue
of about 11.3 billion dollars. That's
adding to investor concerns about AI
disrupting the software [music]
business.
Shares of PDD fell the most in a year in
New York after the company's first
[music] quarter revenue missed
expectations. Sales rose 11% but Morgan
Stanley says the results show a
meaningful shortfall relative [music] to
consensus expectations. The
disappointing results were partly caused
by fierce domestic competition [music]
and weak consumer sentiment in China.
Chinese memory chip maker CXMT has
submitted its IPO for registration after
approval by the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
[music]
The offering is set to raise at least
4.3 billion dollars rising to more than
5 billion if overallotment options are
exercised. That [music] would make it
the biggest debut in mainland China
since CNOOC in 2022.
And Bloomberg has learned that TSMC's
chief executive [music] told staff they
can expect profit-sharing payouts to
rise this year by more than 30%. A
source says CC Wei made the announcement
during [music] a town hall meeting after
employees voiced concerns online over
TSMC's [music] incentive plans. The chip
maker is among the prime beneficiaries
of the AI boom, facing increasing
pressure to share the wealth.
>> Taiwan is booming.
And it makes sense Taiwan is booming.
Four years ago, five years ago, Nvidia
was spending about
15 billion dollars a year in Taiwan.
Now,
we're spending 100 going to 150 billion
dollars in Taiwan each year. 150 billion
dollars from one company alone
is going to fuel an incredible ecosystem
here.
>> Okay, well, really where [music] that AI
story is being felt quite pronouncedly
is in the Korean economy and I think
we're now getting some guidance [music]
coming through on what the likely
optimistic scenario on growth looks like
if
uh the Middle [music] East uh risks
ease. Early, that's according to the
Bank of Korea governor,
uh that growth this year could top 2.6%.
[music]
We'll have more coming through out of
the BOK in a moment. This is Bloomberg.
Okay, uh welcome back. So,
look, a couple things, okay? So, before
we talk about what's happening in Japan,
I think it's interesting this divergence
we're seeing across some of the platform
soft  software  internet
names and perhaps the the catalyst today
would be those the PDD numbers overnight
and that's adding to the woes in the
this this sector generally speaking.
Separately though, if for people looking
for a further source of hot sauce on
this AI CapEx spend, the ByteDance story
was interesting.
>> Yes.
>> Uh within the domestic conversation in
China, it's playing out across these
markets and I quite divergent clarity
here.
>> Yeah, when you talk about they're
weighing capex for this year to as much
as 70 billion dollars. I mean, those are
some pretty shocking numbers as well,
right? And and certainly does this bode
well of course for the hardware side of
things and the chips, right? That that's
needed for this whole AI push. So I
think that's why despite the fact that
you're seeing Korea sell off here today
and a bit of softness in in TSMC and the
like, you know, China chips are still
doing very strong. SMIC's up six, Hua
Hong Semi's up 12. You add that to the
CXMT story and how you know, they
basically got greenlit to list pretty
soon on the Star 50, you know, there
seems to be more, you know, tailwinds
here that are crossing when it comes to
the hardware and really that space at
least the semi space in China today.
>> Yeah, well, in about 10 minutes or so
we'll have more details on this
Bloomberg scoop of course on this
doubling, more than doubling in fact, on
the ByteDance capex spend. But before we
get to that, just mention to this other
part of the rally we're seeing here in
bonds, Chinese bonds and we now are
close to this 1.7% handle on the 10-year
yield across the bond markets. As you
can see, bond yields are on the way
down, hence the green color, prices on
the way up. In fact, on the 10-year
itself, this is how it looks over 1
year. We've now taken out that recent
low, right side of your screens, and now
takes the yield back to the lowest level
since about
August
of last year. Something to watch given
of course the
separate and distinct inflation story
that we're seeing in China relative to
what we're seeing elsewhere in the world
including the likes of Korea very
pronouncedly today at the very least.
>> Yeah, so Korea certainly
are kind of dealing with this this the
commentary from the BOK that continues
on this hour. This BOK live presser that
is still happening in Seoul today. What
you're hearing from the new governor
Shin is they see see need for a rate
hike at an appropriate time.
Um he he's mentioning about that dot
plot, right? That it does show differing
uncertainty levels among members, so
that it is still, I guess, in some way
split on what those sort of central bank
reaction functions are going to be, but
it is, you know, no doubt you are seeing
this is a central bank that has turned
hawkish after setting, you know, rates
on hold for eight straight meetings. It
seems like they are laying the
groundwork for some sort of tightening
cycle now.
>> Do you know who You might not know, but
just in case, do you know who Mondo
Duplantis is?
>> No.
>> So, he's the world record holder for the
pole vault.
>> Okay.
>> constantly just breaking his own record,
and the question I think that goes into
what the BOK governor just said, how
high can you go?
And varying degrees of opinions on how
high the BOK thinks they can go, right?
And I think right now we're looking at
3% on the dot plot. The appropriate time
with four meetings, I believe, left for
the year. Uh let's get the take now from
Bloomberg economists, shall we?
>> Yeah, they think that the BOK's decision
to hold rates steady came as no
surprise, but sharp upward revisions to
both growth and inflation projections
reinforce their view that preparations
are underway, possibly, for rate hikes
and that tightening cycle. For more,
let's bring in Korea economist Heo Sung
Kwan. Uh Heo Sung, thank you so much for
joining us. Uh yeah, quite a hawkish
turn that we're hearing from the BOK.
Your your initial sort of thoughts, sir.
>> Uh so, yeah. So, as you mentioned that
the whole decision was no surprise, but
uh you know, the two dissenters uh
favoring uh hike, and also a dot plot uh
pointing to
uh you know, that uh
hawkish uh monetary policy, and also
sharp revisions to uh both inflation and
growth outlook uh is uh
suggest that the BOK stance is more
hawkish than expected. So, I originally
expect that BOK will start uh raising
interest rate uh in August, but now I
expect it is uh more sooner than that.
It will start uh raising interest rate
uh in July and then another cut will
come in uh probably August because the
dot plot shows that uh
10 dots uh
at uh
in
uh at at at 3% means that at least four
members are open to uh 50% 50 uh basis
point rate hikes this year in 6-month
6-month horizon. So, uh BOK's
uh is uh seems that pretty much hawkish.
Uh so, yeah, it is really ready to hike
now.
>> And
the question now becomes I'm looking at
the dot plot there.
Uh the peak on the on the interest rate
in the recent cycle, correct me if I'm
wrong, was 3 and 1/2%. Do you see any
probability that we go beyond three, we
get to 3 and 1/2% or even higher?
>> Uh I think that is uh possible because,
you know, you mentioned about uh chip
cycle and chip boom, right? And think
about Korea, uh the market currently
expects that uh combined operating
profit of Samsung Electronics and SK
Hynix would amount to over 20% of GDP
next uh this year. And uh you know, it
will grow further next year. And this
means that uh in early next year uh
workers at Samsung Electronics and SK
Hynix will get bonus uh amount to
amounting to around 2% of GDP. And after
paying income tax, 1% of uh GDP would
remain as a disposable income for
workers at both uh chip companies. So,
we can expect that um the huge probably
larger amount of that bonuses will flow
into asset market, likely uh to the
property market, raising housing prices.
Uh it is already happening, you know,
that in the cheap belt area. So, it will
raise concerns about the BOK. And at the
same time,
um the
uh wage negotiation of Samsung
Electronics can be a reference point or
benchmark uh of unions at other
companies. So, they might demand that uh
the certain portions of the operating
profit as a bonuses. You're already
seeing that it's happening uh at Kia and
Hyundai Motors and Kakao. So, that will
lead to a higher wage growth this year.
So, that it will lead to uh will boost
uh domestic consumption demand and also
uh raising labor cost, which will lead
to will add to inflationary pressure.
So, that higher property prices and
higher inflationary pressure will uh
make BOK more hawkish and the hiking
cycle of the BOK steeper and faster.
Yeah, that is possible. So, it can go
over 3.5%.
>> Yeah, and in in that scenario, I think
that looks like a good thing. Uh
just a reference the output gap, GDP
output gap, according to the governor is
seen turning positive next year. To your
point, inflation is really
uh if not already starting to pick up.
Just a reference to this K-shape
economy, K not meaning Korea. The What
does the non-AI part of this economy
look like to you?
>> Um yeah, but we have to think that, you
know, that growth is always has been
always has been K-shaped. But, uh the
difference this time is the degree of
K-shape. So, probably K-shape itself
doesn't mean uh
much to monetary policy because monetary
policy need to care about aggregate
demand and prices and financial
stability
uh rather than distribution.
Um so, uh if uh
So, then BOK need to uh, hike interest
rate to address uh, inflationary
pressure and two overly uh,
accommodative uh, financial conditions
nowadays. But, we need to address the
you know, you mentioned the K-shaped
other parts of the economy. That needs
to be addressed by the fiscal policy,
right?
>> Hyosung, thank you so much for joining
us. Hyosung Kwon there, our Bloomberg
Economics Korea economist. And of
course, we'll lead you to those back to
those poly pictures out of Seoul, the
Bank of Korea's [music] briefing there
as well. Bring you the latest coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
Uh, to another Bloomberg scoop here.
We've learned that [music] ByteDance may
more than double last year's capital
expenditures in a bid to lead the
Chinese AI market and challenge the top
US players abroad. So, they're talking
now about as much as $70 billion in
CapEx uh, in this AI push. Let's bring
in our Asia Tech Managing Editor, Edwin
Chan, on more on this as well. I mean,
these numbers seem to replicate or is
similar to what we hear in the US, which
is quite rare. Do you think so or do you
think that it's narrowing at least?
>> It's narrowing.
>> spend between US and
>> I think on the surface of it, it's uh,
still a little ways off. I mean, Meta
alone is probably spending more than
what ByteDance intends for the next 2
years. Um, I guess one thing to remember
is this is right now contingency
planning. It it's a budget. So, it could
it could undershoot, but it could also
surpass uh, 170 billion
uh, this year and next. And I I think
what it tells us is
um, the scale of ByteDance's ambitions.
Again, it's not huge in in the context
of the US hyperscalers, but it is
massive for a Chinese company and it far
outstrips what Alibaba and Tencent have
publicly said they would spend. I think
it points to their ambitions in video AI
and in agentic AI and, you know, I I
don't know if a lot of people know this,
but Doubao is the most popular consumer
chatbot in China.
>> So, off What Do you know what Do we know
what they're going to spend on? Like
what what will they need here?
>> I think a lot of it is data centers and
you know, part of it of course is for
TikTok and Douyin and its existing
operating It's not all going to be
agentic AI, but we think the biggest
growth component is
preparing for the amount of AI compute
that they think they will require as
agentic AI takes off, especially in
China where
I think we've established that AI
adoption is well above the West.
>> Yeah, I mean, it it it certainly just
goes to show the capabilities of of this
um
AI story in China as well. Um
What does it tell us about you know,
what does this benefit part of the whole
China AI story in some ways? I mean, how
do you see this benefiting the whole
tech sector if we start to see more of
these
Chinese you know, tech companies
spending a bit more than they usually
do?
>> Uh I think the immediate beneficiaries
may be the hardware manufacturers. I
think ByteDance
uses a mix of hardware.
Um you know,
just yesterday Bloomberg broke news that
they were in talks with Qualcomm to use
some of their ASICs. Um
a lot of it would also be Huawei chips
and those are made at SMIC and there are
various Chinese supply chain companies
that would benefit from more spending
from the likes of ByteDance, Tencent,
and Alibaba. And And I think the
ecosystem benefits because the one thing
that's common between the US and China
is computing constraints. I think as as
generative AI takes off, or should I say
if it takes off, uh there will be a huge
amount of computing demand that right
now
uh companies may not be able to sit.
>> Edwin, thank you. Edwin Chan there, our
managing editor for Asia Asia Tech.
>> Yeah, just a note that's really playing
out in markets quite evidently today. I
think when you look at the likes of uh
some of the uh foundries on your screens
very shortly, 6% on one, 12 on another.
The other side is true on some of the
platform names, but that's I guess a
separate story. Uh just to talk about
where we are here in this AI push
domestically in in greater China.
Joining us here on set is Esther Wong,
founder and CEO of 3C AGI Partners, a VC
firm focused on the AI theme. She's a
former managing director, of course, at
SenseTime. Esther, very nice to see you.
>> Yeah, nice nice to see you again, David.
And you?
>> So, what is uh what are you most busy
with recently? What's taking up most of
your time?
>> Well, in terms of investment, I agree
with the guest you just had. So,
we are a strong investor and strong
believer in investing in constraint.
And China and US have different set of
constraint. Obviously, China is limited
by some of the export control. So, you
see that in China, they have a very
different slightly different topography
of what we can invest versus in the US.
So, I'll say in general, equipment is
one of the area that China is
constrained, obviously. So, that's why
you see 2 days ago you have this Huawei
have this
I would say industry-shattering paper
came out on how scaling. So, instead of
trying to make transistors smaller,
because China doesn't have the the top
of the machine, so they actually they
actually do different stacking. They
call it they call logic stacking. So,
they stack analog memory chip uh digital
together so that they compress the time
together. So, that's one example of how
can China overcome some of these um
export control measures, right? So,
that's on China. US also have its own
set of constraints. So, um one of the
major
constraint of AI ultimately is power.
And in that sense, US actually sort of
fall behind China because China has been
doing a lot of manufacturing for the
world for for decades. So, you see that
um one of the reason why the Chinese
tokens are so much cheaper is because
the power from China in some areas
actually almost 1/10 of the power in the
US. So, for China to go for for US to
sort of um
when had to have with China, I think
power is one of the key area.
>> So, we get the infrastructure play. What
about in China where you see this AI
application sort of I mean embodied AI?
You know,
how much does the fund tilt towards that
and focus on that?
>> Um this is a very good point because I
think China is uniquely um
able to benefit from the whole AI usage
AI application which you have software
and hardware. Software is we talked a
little bit about the token, right? So,
token is consumed domestically,
obviously. And also a good chunk of it
is actually to export overseas. And
that's why you see guys like Mini Max
they're doing so well because
application um they we can we are able
to export the Chinese domestically
tokens to elsewhere. Now, physical AI is
uniquely uh China has a great advantage
because again, China was manufacturing
center for a long time. So, we have
literally the most comprehensive
hardware supply chain. So, to give you
one example, uh something that would
take um GoPro
to have one iteration of um
of the next version, it would take two
three weeks. It would take DJI literally
one day.
>> Mhm.
>> So, that difference obviously goes into
physical AI as well. So, we do believe
that now these days, I believe there's
over 200 robotic / humanoid companies in
China. Some of them went to your show.
And I do believe that out of them, you
will see the next DJI, the next
GoPro equivalent. And you can take
advantage of both domestic market as
well as overseas market.
>> In terms of options that you have as a
fund, does it look crowded or is the
market big enough?
>> Oh, I think what we focus on is very
unique because as a fund, we actually do
not touch application. So, we don't
touch upon the physical AI. We don't
touch upon LLM. What we focus on, and
this is where I felt that there's a lot
of
we're in the beginning of this large
boom, is how do we fix AI
infrastructure? I.e., how do we make a
better AI factory that is truly
sustainable so that humanity and AI can
coexist together. Now, this is because
>> What's wrong with it now? Just uh what's
the what's the premise?
>> Because right now, we are using way too
much power. And we we're using way too
much water.
Obviously,
obviously, the the power that we have is
not the most efficient. That's why you
see why Nvidia actually purchased well,
the Aquahaya Grok because the hardware
that you need for training and
inferencing is different. And the
inferencing is how you and I use this
Perplexity, ChatGPT, Doba. That's
inferencing. The product hardware is
actually LLM. So, that's different
level. But even within inferencing,
there's a nuance. So, this is the first
time, 2026, is the first time that
amongst the use of inference, there's
more AI itself uses it than human being.
So, what what do I mean by that? So,
instead of you asking Perplexity some
question, actually for the first time in
human history, AI agent actually
overcome human as surpass human as a
user of AI. And that has tremendous
implication. Everything that we're
seeing today, all the infrastructure,
most of the infrastructure we're seeing
today is based on human as user.
And so what happened? You need to sleep,
right? You cannot work 24 hours. And for
you, timing is not such a big difference
whether it's 1 millisecond faster or 1
millisecond slower. But if AI agent is
using AI itself, then obviously latency
is other question because AI will feel
every nanoseconds of difference. So
latency is is a must, right? Low latency
is a must. And with that
that causes a lot of the hardware
revolution. So why do you see HBM
I'll talk about, you know, why the
Samsung Samsung or SK Hynix go through
the roof, right? They become 1 trillion
dollar companies because when you as a
human being when you ask, let's say, a
question on Perplexity versus a AI agent
asks us a question,
uh AI agent would uses 20 times more
memory, right? Same thing with CPU
because when we are using CPU versus
when a AI agent is using CPU,
that CPU usage went up two to eight
times. So surrounding with that, also
when you ask, let's say, Google to do a
search versus when you ask Perplexity to
do a search, you use 15 times more
power.
>> Right.
>> So with that in mind when AI is the user
of AI, everything at the back end needs
to be completely revolutionized. And we
are at the beginning as I said. This is
the first time in human history this
happened. So we are at the very very
beginning of that. So of course as a
fund we foresee that and so we have a
lot of investment that is on this
frontier.
So one of them being space, I think we
talked about it last time.
>> Data centers in space.
>> That's right. So we are one of the
earliest investor in the sense. I
remember last time when I was on your
show, um we mentioned that we are
supposed we are we are about to do a
launch and we partner with SpaceX and we
do a launch last year in November. The
launch was a huge success.
>> It's up there now, right?
>> It's up there now. It's up there now. So
we actually I H100 running Gemini in
space right now.
And um we when we we when we first
invest in that project, that was almost
over 2 years ago, people thought I was
talking about sci-fi. But now, thanks to
Elon Musk, right? Thanks to SpaceX IPO,
people actually come to realization that
wait, data center in space, not so crazy
after all.
>> expensive. I mean, it's still quite
expensive, isn't it?
>> Good question, Yvonne, because I think
yes, as of now, it is expensive, more
expensive than than than Earth. But I
think that um where from the but two
things happening this year. Number one,
as you can see from SpaceX perspective,
uh there will be Starship, right? So,
the launch cost has been one of the most
prohibiting factor of the of going of
sending something to space. Now, when we
first started the project, you know,
launch cost was literally easily you
know, 50,000 per kilo or thousands of
kilo last year. But with the emergence
of uh Starship, hopefully in 2029, the
launch cost per kilo will go all the way
down to a few hundreds. So, you can
imagine when it comes to a few hundreds,
every kind of application can come out
as a result because the cost of failure,
or we call it cost of trying, is
actually a lot lower, right? So, when
something costs so much money to launch,
you have to make sure it's absolutely
perfect before you do it. But now, the
the cycle of iteration can be a lot
shorter and a lot cheaper thanks to
Starship. But also secondly, in space,
more importantly,
in space, you don't have to pay for the
land. You don't have to get a permit,
which you save a lot of time and money.
You don't have to pay for the energy.
Think about it, right? Sun is free.
Solar energy, sun is the largest star in
the solar system, so it's free.
>> It's the only one.
>> It's the only one. And also, as long as
you stay in the sun-synchronous orbit,
basically, it's free.
>> Mhm.
>> So, the only thing that you need to
worry about is how do you make it
scalable, right? Because the um space is
vacuum. Earth, you can do conventional
uh heat dissipation, but versus in
space, you do radiation. So, that is now
being resolved. So, I strongly believe
that space is happening whether we like
it or not. And also, if I may add,
there's apart from just a commercial
element why space is important. There's
also a very strong strategic element. If
you look at the war in Iran,
>> Yeah.
>> one of the first
target that was hit was actually the
Amazon center in UAE.
>> Yeah.
>> So, there is a reason that why space is
actually quite strategic.
>> We got to leave it there. We're out of
time. We could go on all day.
[laughter and clears throat]
>> That's Esther Wang, founder and CEO CEO
of 3 CHN Partners. We have Bonnie
Montano. This is Bloomberg.
>> Right, before [music] we wrap up the
show and was hoping to end on a positive
note, but hence this is the reality of
markets today. Session lows as we go
into the final hour of the morning
session [music] here in Hong Kong. Hang
Seng index down about 2%.
>> Yeah, I mean it's really the big tech
that is selling off here today.
Interesting enough, what's on the other
side of that trade? SMIC, Lenovo still
[music] doing quite well in the face of
all this. That's it for us here on the
China show.